h1. Changelog

h2. 0.5.0 - 2020-05-25

* Use Txp 4.7.0-style language identifiers.
* Add class @txp-form-field@ to wrapping divs for all bio fields in admin (thanks, johnstephens).
* Fix classnames and scope (thanks, philwareham and phiw13).
* Fix SQL errors when creating columns.
* Fix MySQL restrictions on DEFAULT column types.
* Alter default column types for most columns. Text-based columns are way too big and result in performance issues as they cannot be cached.
* Register tags.
* Layout fix for 'More' widgets.
* Use @getThings()@ instead of @safe_field()@ to avoid triggering a bug (thanks, makss).

h2. 0.4.1 | 2014-10-23

* Fixed array-to-string conversion in JavaScript comment (thanks, aslsw66)

h2. 0.4.0 | 2013-02-25

* Improve performance and reduced server load by up to 90% (thanks, jakob).
* Plugin lifecycle aware.
* Permit configurable database column types/sizes and international characters.
* Removed base64 css.
* Add @<txp:smd_bio_author />@, @<txp:smd_bio_data />@, @<txp:smd_bio_iterate />@, @<txp:smd_if_bio />@, @<txp:smd_if_bio_first_author />@ and @<txp:smd_if_bio_last_author />@ tags.
* Add @show_empty@ attribute;.
* Deprecate @author@, @items@ (now @fields@), @labelclass@, @itemwraptag@ (now @break@) and @itemclass@ (now @breakclass@) attributes.
* Alter replacement key names.
* Fixe and improve hover tooltips on Admin->Users tab.
* Increase default varchar size to 255 (thanks, hablablow).
* Add multi-select lists and permitted checkboxes to be marked as default.
* Add more field types for HTML 5 UI elements.
* Enable @SMD_BIO_FN|function|param|param|...@ support when defining fields to call arbitrary functions.
* Experimental support for item="widget" to display an input control for the given field.

h2. 0.3.1 | 2010-06-08

* JavaScript only appears on admin tab (thanks, redbot/Gocom).

h2. 0.3.0 | 2009-08-31

* Remove @item@ attribute.
* Fix warning message if using single items.
* Hidden pref @smd_bio_sanitize_name@ forces sanitized login names.

h2. 0.2.0 | 2009-08-21

* First public release.
* Fix no image/thumb output.
* Remove experimental @options@ attribute.
* Container/form accepts Txp tags.
* Fix textbox size limit (thanks, MattD).

h2. 0.1.0 | 2009-07-14

* Initial (non-public) release
